README.md, before:

## Awesome Bitcoin Cash [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

# [<img src="https://rawgit.com/dsmurrell/awesome-bitcoin-cash/master/awesome-bitcoin-cash.png">](https://rawgit.com/dsmurrell/awesome-bitcoin-cash)

> Carefully curated list of awesome Bitcoin Cash resources.

[Bitcoin Cash](https://www.bitcoincash.org) is the continuation of Satoshi's Bitcoin after the [successful neutering](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BZoKH-hX_o) of BTC's on-chain scaling capability by BlockStream - a for profit company with total control of the Bitcoin Core software repository - the code [run by more than 94% of miners](https://coin.dance/nodes) on the BTC network. 

Bitcoin Cash has:

- Increased the blocksize limit.
- Removed the harmful 'Replace By Fee' which brings back far more confidence in 0 confirmation transactions. 
- Added back op-codes required by many services in the ecosystem.

Contributions welcome! Please read the [guide](https://github.com/dsmurrell/awesome-bitcoin-cash/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> Important: although caution will be taken to accept only reputable resources, the maintainer of this list takes no responsibility for any loss of funds from using any resource on this list. If you suspect a list item to be a scam, please report it and it will be investigated.

# Contents

[**Resources**](#resources) | [**Community**](#community) | [**Wallets**](#wallets) | [**Merchants**](#merchants)
--- | --- | --- | ---
[Official](#official-resources) | [Bitcoin Cash](#bitcoin-cash) | [Full Nodes](#full-nodes) | [Directories](#directories)
[Informative](#informative) | [Reddit](#reddit) | [Desktop](#desktop-wallets) | [Individual](#individual)
[Payment Processors](#payment-processors) | [Twitter](#twitter) | [Mobile](#mobile-wallets)
[Point of Sale Systems](#point-of-sale-systems) | [Meetups](#local-meetups) | [Web](#web-wallets)
[Faucets](#faucets) | [Podcasts](#podcasts) | [Hardware](#hardware-wallets)
[High Volume Exchanges](#high-volume-exchanges) | [Design](#design) | [Paper](#paper-wallets)
[Coin Converters](#coin-converters) | [Bounties](#bounties) | [SMS/Text](#sms-wallets)
[Brokerages](#brokerages) | [Tipping](#tipping)
[Gambling](#gambling)
[Mining Pools](#mining-pools)
[Block Explorers](#block-explorers)
[APIs](#apis)
[Real Time Stats](#real-time-stats)
[Projects](#projects)

# Resources

### Official Resources

- [White Paper](https://www.bitcoin.com/bitcoin.pdf)
- [Website](https://www.bitcoincash.org/)

### Informative

- [What is Bitcoin Cash](https://blockgeeks.com/guides/what-is-bitcoin-cash)
- [Bitcoin Cash Roadmap](https://chrispacia.wordpress.com/2017/09/01/the-bitcoin-cash-roadmap)
- [Bitcoin Cash Recovery Blog Post](https://blog.btc.com/how-to-recover-your-trapped-bitcoin-cash-from-other-wallets-24b929543f26)
- [Bitcoin Cash Recovery 1 Minute Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7--pmPa11E)
- [Bitcoin.com: Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin](https://www.bitcoin.com/info/bitcoin-cash-is-bitcoin)
- [Learn Bitcoin Cash](https://learnbitcoin.cash)
- [BitcoinRewards.com: What is Bitcoin Cash? Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_GGT_0W0so)

### Payment Processors

- [BitPay](https://bitpay.com/tour)
- [CoinPayments](https://www.coinpayments.net)
- [Rocketr](https://rocketr.net)
- [Coinify](https://coinify.com)
- [piixPay](https://www.piixpay.com/web)
- [Cashflow](https://cashflow.fm/)

### Point of Sale Systems

- [MiniPOS](https://www.minipos.cash/)
- [CheddrPOS](https://pos.cheddr.cash/launch.html)
- [pyxpubPOS](https://pyxpub.io/)
- [moosh.io](https://moosh.io/wallet.html)
- [Simple Pay](http://www.bitcoinc.com.au/spay)
- [SimplePOS4BCH](https://github.com/monsterbitar/SPOS4BCH)

### Faucets

- [Blocksize Party](http://blocksize.party)
- [Learn Bitcoin Cash](https://learnbitcoin.cash/faucet)

### High Volume Exchanges

- [Bithumb](https://www.bithumb.com) (Korea)
- [HitBTC](https://hitbtc.com/exchange/BCC-to-BTC) (Worldwide)
- [Korbit](https://www.korbit.co.kr) (Korea)
- [Coinone](https://coinone.co.kr/exchange/trade/bch) (Korea)
- [Bitfinex](https://www.bitfinex.com/trading/BCHUSD) (Worldwide)
- [Bittrex](https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-BCC) (Worldwide)
- [Poloniex](https://poloniex.com/exchange/#btc_bch) (Worldwide)
- [Huobi](https://www.huobi.pro/exchange/bcc_btc) (China)
- [Yunbi](https://yunbi.com/markets/bcccny) (China)
- [BTER](https://bter.com/trade/bcc_cny) (China)
- [Coinbase](https://coinbase.com) (USA & some others)
- [GDAX](https://gdax.com) (USA)
- [Bitstamp](https://bitstamp.net) (Europe and USD trades)
- [OKEX](https://okex.com) (Worldwide)
- [QuadrigaCX](https://quadrigacx.com) (Canada)
- [BTCBOX](https://www.btcbox.co.jp/market-bcc.html) (Japan)
- [Bitflyer](https://bitflyer.com) (Japan)
- [Quoine](https://quoine.com) (Japan)
- [Kraken](https://kraken.com) (USA)
- [Bitcoin Vietnam](https://bitcoin.vn/) (Vietnam)
- [Bx.in.th](https://bx.in.th/THB/BCH/) (Thailand)
- [SurBTC](https://surbtc.com/) (Latin America)

### Coin Converters

- [Shapeshift](https://shapeshift.io)
- [Changelly](https://changelly.com)
- [Evercoin](https://evercoin.com)
- [Nexchange.io](https://nexchange.io)
- [CoinSwitch.co](https://www.coinswitch.co)

### ATMs

- [BitcoinPlug](http://www.newsbtc.com/2017/11/03/bitcoinplug-will-enable-bitcoin-cash-los-angeles-atms-soon/) (Los Angeles)
- [Genesis Block](https://www.genesisblockhk.com/) (Hong Kong)

### Brokerages

- [bitcoin.de](https://www.bitcoin.de) (Germany)
- [Local Bitcoin Cash](https://www.localbitcoincash.org/) - Worldwide p2p marketplace

### Gambling

- [Satoshi Bones](https://bitzillions.com/satoshibones/bcc)
- [Satoshi Dice](https://satoshidice.com)
- [Blockchain Poker](https://blockchain.poker/#cash)
- [Betcoin](https://www.betcoin.ag/best-bitcoin-cash-casino)
- [Safe Dice](https://safedice.com)
- [Lucky Games](https://luckygames.io)
- [Mount Betmore](https://mtbetmore.com/)

### Mining Pools

- [Bitcoin.com](https://pool.bitcoin.com)
- [ViaBTC](https://pool.viabtc.com)
- [AntPool](https://www.antpool.com)
- [BTC.com](https://pool.btc.com)
- [BTC TOP](https://btc.top)
- [Waterhole](https://bch.waterhole.io)

### Block Explorers

- [Blockchair](https://blockchair.com/bitcoin-cash/blocks)
- [Blocktrail](https://www.blocktrail.com/BCC)
- [BitInfoCharts](https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin%20cash)
- [BlockDozer](http://blockdozer.com/insight)
- [Bitcoin.com](https://explorer.bitcoin.com)
- [BCCBlock](https://bccblock.info)
- [BlockExplorer](https://bitcoincash.blockexplorer.com)
- [ViaBTC](https://www.viabtc.com/)

### APIs

- [Blockchair](https://github.com/Blockchair/Blockchair.Support/blob/master/API.md)
- [BTC.com](https://bch.btc.com/api-doc#API)

### Real Time Stats

- [Johoe's Mempool Stats](https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/cash)
- [Cash vs Core](https://cashvscore.com)
- [Coin Dance](https://cash.coin.dance/blocks)
- [Coin Salad](https://coinsalad.com/bitcoincash/blocks)
- [Node Counter](http://nodecounter.com)
- [fork.lol](http://fork.lol)
- [CoinMarketCap](https://coinmarketcap.com)
- [What The Fork?](http://fork.watch)
- [Cash Drop](https://porlybe.github.io/cashdrop/) - Real time Bitcoin Cash mempool visualizer
- [Txhighway](http://txhighway.com/) - BTC and BCH networks visualized as cars on a highway
- [BCH Node Map](https://bchnodes.online/)
- [BitListen.Cash](https://bitlisten.cash/) - Visualize and LISTEN to BCH Transactions
- [Blockmodo](https://blockmodo.com/quotes/BCH) - Realtime streaming Bitcoin Cash prices, news, social posts, and GitHub code checkins.

### Projects
 
- [Coin Mix](https://coinmix.to)
- [Counterparty Cash](https://counterparty.cash)
- [SecretCoin](https://secretco.in)
- [Flowee](http://www.flowee.org)
- [BitcoinRewards](https://www.bitcoinrewards.com)

# Community

### Bitcoin Cash

- [Yours.org](https://www.yours.org)
- [Memo.cash](https://memo.cash)
- [Bitcoin Cash Fund](https://www.thebitcoincash.fund)
- [Bitcoin.com Forum](https://forum.bitcoin.com)
- [Tipcrypto.net](https://tipcrypto.net)
- [BlockPress](https://blockpress.com)
- [BCH.gg](https://bch.gg) - URL shortener for networks like Memo & BlockPress

### Reddit

- [r/bitcoincash](https://www.reddit.com/r/bitcoincash/)
- [r/btc](https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/)

### Twitter

- [Bitcoin Cash News](https://twitter.com/BTCNewsUpdates)
- [Bitcoin Cash Fans](https://twitter.com/BitcoinCashFans)
- [CryptoScatman](https://twitter.com/bsmith12251960)
- [useBitcoinCash](https://twitter.com/useBitcoinCash)

### Local Meetups

#### South America

- [Bogota, COLOMBIA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Colombia/)
- [Medellin, COLOMBIA](https://www.meetup.com/BitcoinCash-Medellin/)
- [Sao Paolo, BRAZIL](https://www.meetup.com/Meetup-de-Bitcoin-Cash-Sao-Paulo/)
- [Rio De Janeiro, BRAZIL](https://www.meetup.com/meetup-group-QoXRZiIB/)
- [Mérida, VENEZUELA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Venezuela/)
- [Cancun, MEXICO](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Cancun)
- [Villahermosa, MEXICO](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Villahermosa/)

#### Africa

- [Lagos, NIGERIA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup-Nigeria/)
- [Johannesburg, SOUTH AFRICA](https://www.meetup.com/Johannesburg-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup)

#### Oceania

- [Brisbane, AUSTRALIA](https://www.meetup.com/Brisbane-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup)
- [Sydney, AUSTRALIA](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/sydney-bitcoin-cash-meetup-tickets-42339538700)
- [Melbourne, AUSTRALIA](https://www.meetup.com/St-Kilda-New-Technology-Meetup)
- [Perth, AUSTRALIA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-in-Perth-Meetup/)
- [Auckland, NEW ZEALAND](https://www.meetup.com/Auckland-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Christchurch, NEW ZEALAND](https://www.meetup.com/Christchurch-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)

#### Asia

- [Tel-Aviv, ISRAEL](https://www.meetup.com/BitcoinCash-Israel/)
- [Nizhny Novgorod, RUSSIA](https://www.meetup.com/Nizhny-Novgorod-Разработка-ПО-Meetup)
- [Pune, INDIA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-cash-local-meetup/)
- [Hong Kong](https://www.meetup.com/Blockchain-Entrepreneurs-Coders-Fun/events/246106119/)
- [Beijing, CHINA](https://www.meetup.com/Beijing-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Kuala Lumpur, MALAYSIA](https://www.meetup.com/Kuala-Lumpur-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Seoul, SOUTH KOREA](https://www.meetup.com/Seoul-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Tokyo, JAPAN](https://www.meetup.com/Tokyo-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup-Group/)


#### Europe

- [London, UK](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-London-Meetup/)
- [Berlin, GERMANY](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Berlin-Meetup/)
- [Helsinki, FINLAND](https://www.meetup.com/meetup-group-bOLoWLkO/)
- [Oslo, NORWAY](https://www.meetup.com/Oslo-Bitcoin-Meetup/)
- [Paris, FRANCE](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/Meetup-Bitcoin-Cash-Paris/)
- [Barcelona, SPAIN](https://www.meetup.com/Barcelona-Bitcoin-Cash)
- [Milano, ITALY](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Milano/)
- [Zurich, SWITZERLAND](https://www.meetup.com/Zurich-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Amsterdam, NETHERLANDS](https://www.meetup.com/Amsterdam-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)

#### North America

- [Silicon Valley, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Silicon-Valley-Bitcoin-Users/)
- [Denver, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Denver-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Gulf Coast, USA](https://www.meetup.com/BitcoinCashGulfCoast/)
- [San Francisco, USA](https://www.meetup.com/San-Francisco-Bitcoin-Cash/)
- [St. Kitts, SAINT KITTS & NEVIS](https://www.meetup.com/Basseterre-Bitcoin-Meetup/)
- [Boston, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Boston-Area-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Daytona Beach, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Florida-Meetup/)
- [Laguna Beach, USA](https://www.meetup.com/bitcoin-cash/)
- [Orange County, USA]( https://www.meetup.com/Orange-County-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Las Vegas, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Las-Vegas-Henderson-Bitcoin-Meetup)
- [Seattle, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Seattle-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Virginia, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Norfolk-Bitcoin-Meetup/)
- [Vancouver, CANADA](https://www.meetup.com/meetup-group-EBXuwciQ/)
- [Toronto, CANADA](https://www.meetup.com/BitcoinCashToronto)

### Podcasts

- [The Crypto Show - Daniel Krawisz, Dimitry Murashchik, Mike Joy and PH Madore](https://letstalkbitcoin.com/blog/post/the-crypto-show-daniel-krawisz-dimitry-murashchik-mike-joy-and-ph-madore)
- [Around The Coin #141](https://soundcloud.com/aroundthecoin/fintech-podcast-episode-141-bitcoin-classic-versus-bitcoin-cash-the-fork-ahead)
- [The BCH Boys](https://soundcloud.com/user-999365867)

### Design

- [Logo and Branding](https://forum.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-cash-f119/bitcoin-cash-logo-branding-t48603.html)

### Bounties

- [ChainTip GitHub Bounties](https://github.com/chaintip/bounties/blob/master/README.md#available-bounties)
- [Donate to allow BountySource to accept Bitcoin Cash](https://www.bountysource.com/issues/49027183-add-bitcoin-cash-support-to-bountysource)
- [GitCash ChainTip Bounties](https://gitcash.io/bounties)

### Tipping

- [ChainTip](https://www.chaintip.org/) (on-chain tipping - reddit, GitHub)
- [Tippr](https://np.reddit.com/r/tippr/wiki/index) (reddit, Twitter)
- [tipmebch](https://github.com/abrkn/tipmebch) (Telegram)
- [GitCash](https://gitcash.io) (GitHub)

# Wallets

### Full Nodes

- [Bitcoin Unlimited](https://www.bitcoinunlimited.info/download)
- [Bitcoin ABC](https://www.bitcoinabc.org)
- [Bitcoin XT](https://bitcoinxt.software)
- [Bitprim](https://www.bitprim.org)

### Desktop Wallets

- [Bitcoin.com](https://www.bitcoin.com/choose-your-wallet/bitcoin-com-wallet)
- [BitPay](https://bitpay.com/wallet)
- [Electron Cash](https://www.electroncash.org)
- [Exodus](https://www.exodus.io/releases)
- [Copay](https://copay.io)
- [Chris Pacia](https://github.com/cpacia/BitcoinCash-Wallet/releases)

### Mobile Wallets

- [Bitcoin.com](https://wallet.bitcoin.com)
- [BitPay](https://bitpay.com/wallet)
- [coinbase](https://www.coinbase.com/mobile)
- [Copay](https://copay.io)
- [Edge](https://edgesecure.co)
- [BTC.com](https://wallet.btc.com)
- [Mobi](https://www.mobi.me)
- [Unit](https://www.unitwallet.co)
- [Coinomi](https://coinomi.com)

### Web Wallets

- [BTC.com](https://bcc-wallet.btc.com)
- [Blockchain.info](https://blockchain.com)
- [TSBW](https://tsbw.io/bcc/)

### Hardware Wallets

- [Ledger](https://www.ledgerwallet.com)
- [Trezor](https://trezor.io)
- [KeepKey](https://www.keepkey.com)

### Paper Wallets

- [Bitcoin Paper Wallet](https://bitcoinpaperwallet.com)
- [Bitaddress](https://www.bitaddress.org)
- [Bitcoin.com Paper Wallet](https://tools.bitcoin.com/paper-wallet/)
- [Cashaddress](https://www.cashaddress.org)

### SMS Wallets

- [Cointext](https://cointext.io/)

# Merchants

### Directories

- [Cryptonize It](https://cryptonize.it)
- [The Accept Bitcoin Cash Initiative](https://acceptbitcoin.cash)
- [Marco Coino Merchant Directory](https://www.coinline.co.nz/marco-coino)
- [OpenBazaar items for BCH](https://blockbooth.com/search/?search_currencies=BCH)

### Individual

- [Steam Game Keys](https://steamgamekeys.com/)
- [Living Room of Satoshi](http://www.livingroomofsatoshi.com/?sc=bch) - Pay bills with BCC
- [Negash Apparell and Footwear](http://www.negash83.com/)
- [BitVapes](https://bitvapes.com/) - Vaporizers
- [Cryptartica](http://www.cryptartica.com/) - Bitcoin Cash merchandise
- [Keys4Coins](http://www.keys4coins.com/) - Game keys, gift cards
- [Keyois](http://www.keyois.com/) - Time capsules
- [CryptoHabit](https://cryptohabit.com/) - Cryptocurrency apparel
- [Hodlmonkey](http://hodlmonkey.com/) - Cryptocurrency apparel
- [KawaiiCrypto](https://kawaiicrypto.com/) - Cryptocurrency stickers
- [Greenhorn Crypto](https://greenhorncrypto.com/) - Hardware wallets
- [SporeStack](https://sporestack.com/) - Ephemeral-by-design, API-driven VPS infrastructure
- [Shiny Leaf](https://www.shinyleaf.com/promotions/bitcoin-cash-payment/) - Natural bath & body products
- [Afrigarments](https://afrigarments.com/) - African style clothing

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

> "Unlike the previous situation in Bitcoin, there is no one single development team for Bitcoin Cash.  There are now multiple independent teams of developers. This decentralization of development (and decentralization of software implementations) is a much needed and important step forward." - https://www.bitcoincash.org/

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

Inspired by [awesome-vue](https://github.com/vuejs/awesome-vue)

Commit message:

Add Cashbar to Real Time Stats

README.md, after:

## Awesome Bitcoin Cash [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

# [<img src="https://rawgit.com/dsmurrell/awesome-bitcoin-cash/master/awesome-bitcoin-cash.png">](https://rawgit.com/dsmurrell/awesome-bitcoin-cash)

> Carefully curated list of awesome Bitcoin Cash resources.

[Bitcoin Cash](https://www.bitcoincash.org) is the continuation of Satoshi's Bitcoin after the [successful neutering](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BZoKH-hX_o) of BTC's on-chain scaling capability by BlockStream - a for profit company with total control of the Bitcoin Core software repository - the code [run by more than 94% of miners](https://coin.dance/nodes) on the BTC network. 

Bitcoin Cash has:

- Increased the blocksize limit.
- Removed the harmful 'Replace By Fee' which brings back far more confidence in 0 confirmation transactions. 
- Added back op-codes required by many services in the ecosystem.

Contributions welcome! Please read the [guide](https://github.com/dsmurrell/awesome-bitcoin-cash/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> Important: although caution will be taken to accept only reputable resources, the maintainer of this list takes no responsibility for any loss of funds from using any resource on this list. If you suspect a list item to be a scam, please report it and it will be investigated.

# Contents

[**Resources**](#resources) | [**Community**](#community) | [**Wallets**](#wallets) | [**Merchants**](#merchants)
--- | --- | --- | ---
[Official](#official-resources) | [Bitcoin Cash](#bitcoin-cash) | [Full Nodes](#full-nodes) | [Directories](#directories)
[Informative](#informative) | [Reddit](#reddit) | [Desktop](#desktop-wallets) | [Individual](#individual)
[Payment Processors](#payment-processors) | [Twitter](#twitter) | [Mobile](#mobile-wallets)
[Point of Sale Systems](#point-of-sale-systems) | [Meetups](#local-meetups) | [Web](#web-wallets)
[Faucets](#faucets) | [Podcasts](#podcasts) | [Hardware](#hardware-wallets)
[High Volume Exchanges](#high-volume-exchanges) | [Design](#design) | [Paper](#paper-wallets)
[Coin Converters](#coin-converters) | [Bounties](#bounties) | [SMS/Text](#sms-wallets)
[Brokerages](#brokerages) | [Tipping](#tipping)
[Gambling](#gambling)
[Mining Pools](#mining-pools)
[Block Explorers](#block-explorers)
[APIs](#apis)
[Real Time Stats](#real-time-stats)
[Projects](#projects)

# Resources

### Official Resources

- [White Paper](https://www.bitcoin.com/bitcoin.pdf)
- [Website](https://www.bitcoincash.org/)

### Informative

- [What is Bitcoin Cash](https://blockgeeks.com/guides/what-is-bitcoin-cash)
- [Bitcoin Cash Roadmap](https://chrispacia.wordpress.com/2017/09/01/the-bitcoin-cash-roadmap)
- [Bitcoin Cash Recovery Blog Post](https://blog.btc.com/how-to-recover-your-trapped-bitcoin-cash-from-other-wallets-24b929543f26)
- [Bitcoin Cash Recovery 1 Minute Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7--pmPa11E)
- [Bitcoin.com: Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin](https://www.bitcoin.com/info/bitcoin-cash-is-bitcoin)
- [Learn Bitcoin Cash](https://learnbitcoin.cash)
- [BitcoinRewards.com: What is Bitcoin Cash? Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_GGT_0W0so)

### Payment Processors

- [BitPay](https://bitpay.com/tour)
- [CoinPayments](https://www.coinpayments.net)
- [Rocketr](https://rocketr.net)
- [Coinify](https://coinify.com)
- [piixPay](https://www.piixpay.com/web)
- [Cashflow](https://cashflow.fm/)

### Point of Sale Systems

- [MiniPOS](https://www.minipos.cash/)
- [CheddrPOS](https://pos.cheddr.cash/launch.html)
- [pyxpubPOS](https://pyxpub.io/)
- [moosh.io](https://moosh.io/wallet.html)
- [Simple Pay](http://www.bitcoinc.com.au/spay)
- [SimplePOS4BCH](https://github.com/monsterbitar/SPOS4BCH)

### Faucets

- [Blocksize Party](http://blocksize.party)
- [Learn Bitcoin Cash](https://learnbitcoin.cash/faucet)

### High Volume Exchanges

- [Bithumb](https://www.bithumb.com) (Korea)
- [HitBTC](https://hitbtc.com/exchange/BCC-to-BTC) (Worldwide)
- [Korbit](https://www.korbit.co.kr) (Korea)
- [Coinone](https://coinone.co.kr/exchange/trade/bch) (Korea)
- [Bitfinex](https://www.bitfinex.com/trading/BCHUSD) (Worldwide)
- [Bittrex](https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-BCC) (Worldwide)
- [Poloniex](https://poloniex.com/exchange/#btc_bch) (Worldwide)
- [Huobi](https://www.huobi.pro/exchange/bcc_btc) (China)
- [Yunbi](https://yunbi.com/markets/bcccny) (China)
- [BTER](https://bter.com/trade/bcc_cny) (China)
- [Coinbase](https://coinbase.com) (USA & some others)
- [GDAX](https://gdax.com) (USA)
- [Bitstamp](https://bitstamp.net) (Europe and USD trades)
- [OKEX](https://okex.com) (Worldwide)
- [QuadrigaCX](https://quadrigacx.com) (Canada)
- [BTCBOX](https://www.btcbox.co.jp/market-bcc.html) (Japan)
- [Bitflyer](https://bitflyer.com) (Japan)
- [Quoine](https://quoine.com) (Japan)
- [Kraken](https://kraken.com) (USA)
- [Bitcoin Vietnam](https://bitcoin.vn/) (Vietnam)
- [Bx.in.th](https://bx.in.th/THB/BCH/) (Thailand)
- [SurBTC](https://surbtc.com/) (Latin America)

### Coin Converters

- [Shapeshift](https://shapeshift.io)
- [Changelly](https://changelly.com)
- [Evercoin](https://evercoin.com)
- [Nexchange.io](https://nexchange.io)
- [CoinSwitch.co](https://www.coinswitch.co)

### ATMs

- [BitcoinPlug](http://www.newsbtc.com/2017/11/03/bitcoinplug-will-enable-bitcoin-cash-los-angeles-atms-soon/) (Los Angeles)
- [Genesis Block](https://www.genesisblockhk.com/) (Hong Kong)

### Brokerages

- [bitcoin.de](https://www.bitcoin.de) (Germany)
- [Local Bitcoin Cash](https://www.localbitcoincash.org/) - Worldwide p2p marketplace

### Gambling

- [Satoshi Bones](https://bitzillions.com/satoshibones/bcc)
- [Satoshi Dice](https://satoshidice.com)
- [Blockchain Poker](https://blockchain.poker/#cash)
- [Betcoin](https://www.betcoin.ag/best-bitcoin-cash-casino)
- [Safe Dice](https://safedice.com)
- [Lucky Games](https://luckygames.io)
- [Mount Betmore](https://mtbetmore.com/)

### Mining Pools

- [Bitcoin.com](https://pool.bitcoin.com)
- [ViaBTC](https://pool.viabtc.com)
- [AntPool](https://www.antpool.com)
- [BTC.com](https://pool.btc.com)
- [BTC TOP](https://btc.top)
- [Waterhole](https://bch.waterhole.io)

### Block Explorers

- [Blockchair](https://blockchair.com/bitcoin-cash/blocks)
- [Blocktrail](https://www.blocktrail.com/BCC)
- [BitInfoCharts](https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin%20cash)
- [BlockDozer](http://blockdozer.com/insight)
- [Bitcoin.com](https://explorer.bitcoin.com)
- [BCCBlock](https://bccblock.info)
- [BlockExplorer](https://bitcoincash.blockexplorer.com)
- [ViaBTC](https://www.viabtc.com/)

### APIs

- [Blockchair](https://github.com/Blockchair/Blockchair.Support/blob/master/API.md)
- [BTC.com](https://bch.btc.com/api-doc#API)

### Real Time Stats

- [Johoe's Mempool Stats](https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/cash)
- [Cash vs Core](https://cashvscore.com)
- [Coin Dance](https://cash.coin.dance/blocks)
- [Coin Salad](https://coinsalad.com/bitcoincash/blocks)
- [Node Counter](http://nodecounter.com)
- [fork.lol](http://fork.lol)
- [CoinMarketCap](https://coinmarketcap.com)
- [What The Fork?](http://fork.watch)
- [Cash Drop](https://porlybe.github.io/cashdrop/) - Real time Bitcoin Cash mempool visualizer
- [Txhighway](http://txhighway.com/) - BTC and BCH networks visualized as cars on a highway
- [BCH Node Map](https://bchnodes.online/)
- [BitListen.Cash](https://bitlisten.cash/) - Visualize and LISTEN to BCH Transactions
- [Blockmodo](https://blockmodo.com/quotes/BCH) - Realtime streaming Bitcoin Cash prices, news, social posts, and GitHub code checkins.
- [Cashbar](https://github.com/johneas10/cashBar) - Live BCH prices against USD & BTC, along with 1hr, 24hr & 7day % changes on your desktop.

### Projects
 
- [Coin Mix](https://coinmix.to)
- [Counterparty Cash](https://counterparty.cash)
- [SecretCoin](https://secretco.in)
- [Flowee](http://www.flowee.org)
- [BitcoinRewards](https://www.bitcoinrewards.com)

# Community

### Bitcoin Cash

- [Yours.org](https://www.yours.org)
- [Memo.cash](https://memo.cash)
- [Bitcoin Cash Fund](https://www.thebitcoincash.fund)
- [Bitcoin.com Forum](https://forum.bitcoin.com)
- [Tipcrypto.net](https://tipcrypto.net)
- [BlockPress](https://blockpress.com)
- [BCH.gg](https://bch.gg) - URL shortener for networks like Memo & BlockPress

### Reddit

- [r/bitcoincash](https://www.reddit.com/r/bitcoincash/)
- [r/btc](https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/)

### Twitter

- [Bitcoin Cash News](https://twitter.com/BTCNewsUpdates)
- [Bitcoin Cash Fans](https://twitter.com/BitcoinCashFans)
- [CryptoScatman](https://twitter.com/bsmith12251960)
- [useBitcoinCash](https://twitter.com/useBitcoinCash)

### Local Meetups

#### South America

- [Bogota, COLOMBIA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Colombia/)
- [Medellin, COLOMBIA](https://www.meetup.com/BitcoinCash-Medellin/)
- [Sao Paolo, BRAZIL](https://www.meetup.com/Meetup-de-Bitcoin-Cash-Sao-Paulo/)
- [Rio De Janeiro, BRAZIL](https://www.meetup.com/meetup-group-QoXRZiIB/)
- [Mérida, VENEZUELA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Venezuela/)
- [Cancun, MEXICO](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Cancun)
- [Villahermosa, MEXICO](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Villahermosa/)

#### Africa

- [Lagos, NIGERIA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup-Nigeria/)
- [Johannesburg, SOUTH AFRICA](https://www.meetup.com/Johannesburg-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup)

#### Oceania

- [Brisbane, AUSTRALIA](https://www.meetup.com/Brisbane-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup)
- [Sydney, AUSTRALIA](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/sydney-bitcoin-cash-meetup-tickets-42339538700)
- [Melbourne, AUSTRALIA](https://www.meetup.com/St-Kilda-New-Technology-Meetup)
- [Perth, AUSTRALIA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-in-Perth-Meetup/)
- [Auckland, NEW ZEALAND](https://www.meetup.com/Auckland-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Christchurch, NEW ZEALAND](https://www.meetup.com/Christchurch-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)

#### Asia

- [Tel-Aviv, ISRAEL](https://www.meetup.com/BitcoinCash-Israel/)
- [Nizhny Novgorod, RUSSIA](https://www.meetup.com/Nizhny-Novgorod-Разработка-ПО-Meetup)
- [Pune, INDIA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-cash-local-meetup/)
- [Hong Kong](https://www.meetup.com/Blockchain-Entrepreneurs-Coders-Fun/events/246106119/)
- [Beijing, CHINA](https://www.meetup.com/Beijing-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Kuala Lumpur, MALAYSIA](https://www.meetup.com/Kuala-Lumpur-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Seoul, SOUTH KOREA](https://www.meetup.com/Seoul-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Tokyo, JAPAN](https://www.meetup.com/Tokyo-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup-Group/)


#### Europe

- [London, UK](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-London-Meetup/)
- [Berlin, GERMANY](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Berlin-Meetup/)
- [Helsinki, FINLAND](https://www.meetup.com/meetup-group-bOLoWLkO/)
- [Oslo, NORWAY](https://www.meetup.com/Oslo-Bitcoin-Meetup/)
- [Paris, FRANCE](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/Meetup-Bitcoin-Cash-Paris/)
- [Barcelona, SPAIN](https://www.meetup.com/Barcelona-Bitcoin-Cash)
- [Milano, ITALY](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Milano/)
- [Zurich, SWITZERLAND](https://www.meetup.com/Zurich-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Amsterdam, NETHERLANDS](https://www.meetup.com/Amsterdam-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)

#### North America

- [Silicon Valley, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Silicon-Valley-Bitcoin-Users/)
- [Denver, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Denver-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Gulf Coast, USA](https://www.meetup.com/BitcoinCashGulfCoast/)
- [San Francisco, USA](https://www.meetup.com/San-Francisco-Bitcoin-Cash/)
- [St. Kitts, SAINT KITTS & NEVIS](https://www.meetup.com/Basseterre-Bitcoin-Meetup/)
- [Boston, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Boston-Area-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Daytona Beach, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Cash-Florida-Meetup/)
- [Laguna Beach, USA](https://www.meetup.com/bitcoin-cash/)
- [Orange County, USA]( https://www.meetup.com/Orange-County-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Las Vegas, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Las-Vegas-Henderson-Bitcoin-Meetup)
- [Seattle, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Seattle-Bitcoin-Cash-Meetup/)
- [Virginia, USA](https://www.meetup.com/Norfolk-Bitcoin-Meetup/)
- [Vancouver, CANADA](https://www.meetup.com/meetup-group-EBXuwciQ/)
- [Toronto, CANADA](https://www.meetup.com/BitcoinCashToronto)

### Podcasts

- [The Crypto Show - Daniel Krawisz, Dimitry Murashchik, Mike Joy and PH Madore](https://letstalkbitcoin.com/blog/post/the-crypto-show-daniel-krawisz-dimitry-murashchik-mike-joy-and-ph-madore)
- [Around The Coin #141](https://soundcloud.com/aroundthecoin/fintech-podcast-episode-141-bitcoin-classic-versus-bitcoin-cash-the-fork-ahead)
- [The BCH Boys](https://soundcloud.com/user-999365867)

### Design

- [Logo and Branding](https://forum.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-cash-f119/bitcoin-cash-logo-branding-t48603.html)

### Bounties

- [ChainTip GitHub Bounties](https://github.com/chaintip/bounties/blob/master/README.md#available-bounties)
- [Donate to allow BountySource to accept Bitcoin Cash](https://www.bountysource.com/issues/49027183-add-bitcoin-cash-support-to-bountysource)
- [GitCash ChainTip Bounties](https://gitcash.io/bounties)

### Tipping

- [ChainTip](https://www.chaintip.org/) (on-chain tipping - reddit, GitHub)
- [Tippr](https://np.reddit.com/r/tippr/wiki/index) (reddit, Twitter)
- [tipmebch](https://github.com/abrkn/tipmebch) (Telegram)
- [GitCash](https://gitcash.io) (GitHub)

# Wallets

### Full Nodes

- [Bitcoin Unlimited](https://www.bitcoinunlimited.info/download)
- [Bitcoin ABC](https://www.bitcoinabc.org)
- [Bitcoin XT](https://bitcoinxt.software)
- [Bitprim](https://www.bitprim.org)

### Desktop Wallets

- [Bitcoin.com](https://www.bitcoin.com/choose-your-wallet/bitcoin-com-wallet)
- [BitPay](https://bitpay.com/wallet)
- [Electron Cash](https://www.electroncash.org)
- [Exodus](https://www.exodus.io/releases)
- [Copay](https://copay.io)
- [Chris Pacia](https://github.com/cpacia/BitcoinCash-Wallet/releases)

### Mobile Wallets

- [Bitcoin.com](https://wallet.bitcoin.com)
- [BitPay](https://bitpay.com/wallet)
- [coinbase](https://www.coinbase.com/mobile)
- [Copay](https://copay.io)
- [Edge](https://edgesecure.co)
- [BTC.com](https://wallet.btc.com)
- [Mobi](https://www.mobi.me)
- [Unit](https://www.unitwallet.co)
- [Coinomi](https://coinomi.com)

### Web Wallets

- [BTC.com](https://bcc-wallet.btc.com)
- [Blockchain.info](https://blockchain.com)
- [TSBW](https://tsbw.io/bcc/)

### Hardware Wallets

- [Ledger](https://www.ledgerwallet.com)
- [Trezor](https://trezor.io)
- [KeepKey](https://www.keepkey.com)

### Paper Wallets

- [Bitcoin Paper Wallet](https://bitcoinpaperwallet.com)
- [Bitaddress](https://www.bitaddress.org)
- [Bitcoin.com Paper Wallet](https://tools.bitcoin.com/paper-wallet/)
- [Cashaddress](https://www.cashaddress.org)

### SMS Wallets

- [Cointext](https://cointext.io/)

# Merchants

### Directories

- [Cryptonize It](https://cryptonize.it)
- [The Accept Bitcoin Cash Initiative](https://acceptbitcoin.cash)
- [Marco Coino Merchant Directory](https://www.coinline.co.nz/marco-coino)
- [OpenBazaar items for BCH](https://blockbooth.com/search/?search_currencies=BCH)

### Individual

- [Steam Game Keys](https://steamgamekeys.com/)
- [Living Room of Satoshi](http://www.livingroomofsatoshi.com/?sc=bch) - Pay bills with BCC
- [Negash Apparell and Footwear](http://www.negash83.com/)
- [BitVapes](https://bitvapes.com/) - Vaporizers
- [Cryptartica](http://www.cryptartica.com/) - Bitcoin Cash merchandise
- [Keys4Coins](http://www.keys4coins.com/) - Game keys, gift cards
- [Keyois](http://www.keyois.com/) - Time capsules
- [CryptoHabit](https://cryptohabit.com/) - Cryptocurrency apparel
- [Hodlmonkey](http://hodlmonkey.com/) - Cryptocurrency apparel
- [KawaiiCrypto](https://kawaiicrypto.com/) - Cryptocurrency stickers
- [Greenhorn Crypto](https://greenhorncrypto.com/) - Hardware wallets
- [SporeStack](https://sporestack.com/) - Ephemeral-by-design, API-driven VPS infrastructure
- [Shiny Leaf](https://www.shinyleaf.com/promotions/bitcoin-cash-payment/) - Natural bath & body products
- [Afrigarments](https://afrigarments.com/) - African style clothing

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

> "Unlike the previous situation in Bitcoin, there is no one single development team for Bitcoin Cash.  There are now multiple independent teams of developers. This decentralization of development (and decentralization of software implementations) is a much needed and important step forward." - https://www.bitcoincash.org/

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

Inspired by [awesome-vue](https://github.com/vuejs/awesome-vue)
